# cs104_group_11
HCAD Hub
https://www.figma.com/file/AM9HsmLzIKQCMCMgG2EZoD/HCAD-Hub?type=design&node-id=1669-162202&mode=design&t=XTa9Eh64MXsgcTe2-0
The HCAD Hub is an online HCAD textbook and studio supply website made to facilitate the needs of the Architecture and Design students. This website allows students to easily purchase any and all supplies needed for their courses without having to travel. We would partner with art supplies businesses to act as our supplier for the materials. With the materials purchased in bulk, the overall cost would be cheaper for the students. Our options would include first year student starter packs, as well as packs that are designed for each major in HCAD. These bundles/packs will make the purchasing processes easier, cheaper, and less stressful because it eliminates the need to buy materials individually.
We are trying to solve the struggles that HCAD students face when it comes to acquiring all the supplies they need for studio and classes. The main problems faced by the HCAD students include limited supplies and variety in the NJIT bookstore. This requires students to drive to outside stores, which isn’t an option for everyone. Another issue students face is purchasing numerous items individually; which can become tedious and costly. Therefore, students have to resort to new means to acquire their supplies.
Stakeholders include The students of the Hiller College of Architecture and Design because these individuals who have to buy a large amount of supplies for their classes), and the art supply stores that HCAD students currently buy from (Jerry's Artist Outlet, Blick Art Materials, etc) becasue these companies will supply HCAD Hub with the materials needed.
This project's scope includes items/materials needed by NJIT HCAD students. The scope does not include materials needed by students of other colleges.
We aim to finish the project by around November 24th-27th. This will give us about a week before the December 2nd deadline to work out any kinks or issues in our project, add finishing touches, and ask for/act on any final comments from the teacher. In order to meet this deadline, our timeline will be as follows: Week 1-2: Define our problem and solution/Finalize ideas and specific details about the website. Weeks 3-5: Design the website appearance/Discuss and design different pages of the website/Finalize website design. Weeks 6-9: Create the code for the website/Regular check ins with teacher and TA’s to make sure we are coding correctly and on the right track/Make sure the code is functional. Weeks 10-11: Finalize website/Confirm program is working and functional/Receive feedback and advice from teacher and TA’s. We should finish by November 24th-27th and use time in between Nov 24th-27th and Dec 2nd to work out any issues the website may have and receive final feedback from teacher/TAs.
